there have probably been hundreds of
side scrolling shooters over the years
but one of the oldest classics of the
genre is our type released in 1987 our
type has recently been released on the
android market by doc and you for those
of you that don't know dot mu is a
company whose only goal is to revitalize
and re-release classic retro games
keeping them alive and relevant in
modern gaming culture they've been
selling games from their website for
ages now and have several iOS releases
but our type is their first android port
the game is simply about flying around
in your ship and blasting the way the
various extraterrestrial monsters many
of which are clearly inspired by HR
Geiger's alien design the name of the
game is a reference to the new class of
super ship that you're driving and yada
yada yada the game's story is just a
backdrop for the gameplay so moving on
this game is just as brutal and
unforgiving as ever he fly through
levels blasting anything that moves and
avoiding being hit one single hit equals
death and you can't touch the
environment at all either as you play
you'll pick up tons of awesome weapon
system upgrades which lead to dozens of
possible configurations these only last
as long as you're alive though so you
really want to not die you only start
with four lives though scoring big
points refreshes them the enemies and
environments are varied and each level
ends with a challenging bossfight
unfortunately playing this game on a
touch screen changes the experience
quite a bit you now have more control
over the ship than ever but your finger
blocks part of the screen making it easy
to be blind decided by a random enemy or
projectile there are d-pad controls but
they're far too slow to be useful also
if you're playing on an old phone like
my nexus one you can't use the charge
beam while moving or your ship will end
up teleporting into a wall due to the
glitchy screen newer phones should have
no problem so this aspect nearly ruins
the game for me and made a hard game
even harder speaking of which there is
an unlockable Hard difficulty to play
after beating the campaign so have fun
with that the retro graphics and music
are fully preserved and even upgraded to
be more sharp and clear if you're old
enough to get some nostalgia from this
game or you just enjoy punishing retro
games give this game a shop it can be
yours for three dollars while you're at
it if you own an xbox you can download
our type
mentions a port of this game and its
sequel packaged together with both the
new and retro graphics that game is
fantastic
this has been Andrew with Appalachia
scom helping you find mobile apps you'll
love